[AUDIO LOGO]
[ADVENTUROUS MUSIC]
>> Throughout the
history of this planet,
the presence of the feline
has been etched in the form
of ancient monuments
and wise gods.
A well preserved Sphinx in
Egypt and other monuments
around the world add
many more questions
regarding ancient humanity's
connection to the feline.
Who did these wise
feline deities represent?
What are the cosmic connections?
Legends tell of a time when
the Great Sphinx of Giza
was a full lion.
But the evidence of who and
when our ancestors carved this
into the bedrock remains one
of humanity's greatest debates.
As alternative researchers
search for more relics,
the evidence is mounting
that the feline had
a tremendous power and presence
in many of Earth's highly
advanced ancient civilizations.
>> Almost universally, ancient
texts and traditions have
revered the power of the feline
throughout history in ways that
reach into our world even today.
And it comes up in
unexpected ways.
We see, for example, 40,000
years ago in Northern Europe,
we see the first images, cave
paintings of lions on the cave
walls.
Of all the animals
that were present
during that time, why
did our ancestors choose
to portray those lions?
What did it mean to them?
>> One of the oldest statues
in the world shows a human-like
character with the
head of a lion.
And this comes from a cave in
Germany and is dated to anything
between 20,000 and
30,000 years ago.
And this shows you
just how ancient
this relationship,
this connection
is between felines
and human beings.
>> One common monument
that unites virtually all
the world's traditions is
the image of the Sphinx.
When people think of
the Sphinx, of course,
they're thinking of
the Sphinx at Egypt
in its present form that's
half human, half feline.
Let's go to ancient
Sumeria, where we also
find the god Nergal is
half human, half lion.
He also is a figure that's
given ferocious capacities.
He's a warrior type, but
he also has the ability
to cross through gateways.
And this is a very
important aspect
of the Sphinx
imagery and mythology
that we find around the world.
The Sphinx is considered
the guardian of gateways
into palaces, into temples, but
also into other realms as well.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The lion was an important
archetype in ancient Egypt,
as well as in the final
phase of Atlantis.
It was a powerful symbol that
resonated deeply in society
and was later carried through
Zep Tepi into ancient Egypt.
>> The Forbidden City in China
have the lions staying there
very regally at the front of
the entrance to the temple with
the paw over this little ball.
And you look at the little
ball and it tells you
everything you need to know
because that's a flower of life.
That's the matrix of the
creative code of civilization,
of the universe, if you like.
It's the foundation of
everything there is.
And just by putting
the lion's paw on
that tells you that that's
where the information originally
came from.
It was someone associated with
that symbol, that female entity
that came from somewhere else
that knew how life is created.
They knew about the
codes of life itself,
and they formed the foundation
of human civilization.
So you're taking
a very old symbol
and then putting it at the
entrance to the Forbidden City
to give honor to a bunch
of kings and queens
who, by then, probably had
no connection to any of this.
But the memory of the
original story remains.
And that's what's important.
It's the memory of
how we got there.
>> When we come to the great
civilizations of Sumeria,
Babylon, Greece, the
Mycenaeans, for instance,
you'll find that you have
lions at the front of gates
and entrances.
And the reason for
this is because they
represented this
point of contact
between this world and the next.
They became the guardians of the
entrances into the other world.
>> In India, you find
these feline symbols,
feline statues all over India.
But specifically, consider
these great spiritual temples,
spiritual site called
Chidambaram with its dancing
Shiva.
And this place is filled
with these feline statues.
They are the guardians.
And the devotees will actually
worship these feline statues
before entering the temple
because these are considered
the protectors, but also
these are considered as agency
to approach the Shiva.
So it is the agency
that intervenes
between the devotee
and the ultimate truth,
if you want to call it,
or the ultimate energy.
And therefore, you are
like requesting their help
in the journey of the evolution
of your consciousness.
>> So regardless if we're
looking at leopards, lions,
or other big cats, the presence
of the feline is definitely
recorded and revered by
these ancient people.
>> The feline connection
around the world is fascinating
because wherever you
go around the world,
you tend to see the images
of lions all over the place.
And you think, well, why
are lions are so important?
And you think, well, where
does all this come from?
And I tried to take it
back as far as I could
because originally, everything
was connected to the stars.
If we look at the
constellation of Leo
and you have the
bright star Regulus,
now you've got a story that
spans all around the world.
Everyone talks about this
because in India, the star
Regulus is actually Magha.
And it means the exalted
one, the magnificent one.
And it's supposed to be
a sort of a royal star.
It's associated with a
kind of divine kingship.
But they say that particular
star forms a kind of gateway,
that it's a place where high
knowledge or the mystery
teachings originally came from.
So within the series
of the Zodiac,
for example, you have
every constellation
has its own specific function.
Regulus and Leo,
their function is
to bring out information like
an astral reference library,
if you like.
That is a place that is defined
as a location where you're
going to get information
that dates back
all the way to kingship,
when kingship was lowered
from the heavens to Earth, as
the Sumerians used to call it.
So it's that association
with divine kingship,
which establishes the lion
as part of that symbology.
>> 10,450 BCE, Leo
was on the horizon.
And that's exactly where
the Sphinx was looking.
The Sphinx does have paws
and a body like a lion.
And there's different
theories about why
this is being emphasized.
>> Another potential Sphinx
connection can be found deep
in the heart of Romania,
where legends of giants
and holographic technology
echo through the mountains.
>> The Dacians were the
ancient peoples of Romania.
And they took a
particular interest
in the Carpathian
Mountains, the Carpathians
being an incredibly enigmatic
and strange place, somewhere
that is integrally associated
with mythology and legend.
It was believed that many of
the strange monuments that
could be found on the
top of the mountains
were said to be representations
of ancient creatures,
ancient supernatural forms.
And of these, probably the
most enigmatic and strange
was that of the Sphinx.
It is considered to
be one of the seven
ancient wonders of Romania.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> There is still, of course,
controversy about whether what
we call the Sphinx is
an artificial structure
or a natural formation as the
primary mineral is sandstone.
Mainstream science generally
views the Romanian Sphinx
as the result of
natural erosion.
However, empirical
measurements suggest
a strong morphogenetic
field, which
would be unlikely to
exist with such intensity
if the formation
was natural, if it
was some sort of eroded
natural sandstone.
Any Sphinx, the
Carpathian, the Egyptian
naturally emits a very strong
energy information field
that allows these
individual sphinxes
to be nonlocally energetically
connected through a network.
It's not just the
design of the Sphinx.
It's what has been
implanted on a mental level
through the collective
consciousness of the initiates
into the core of the Sphinx.
But on a purely energetic level,
because of the strong energy
information field that
our ancestors imprinted
into the Sphinx with their
collective consciousness
using their knowledge.
The sphinxes are connected
through a network, a matrix.
>> The mystique and the mystery
of the Carpathian Mountains has
been growing since the release
of a book called Transylvanian
Sunrise by Radu Cinamar.
In that book, he depicts a room
underneath the Carpathian Sphinx
that has advanced holographic
technology, almost
like a holographic
hall of records.
And he tells us that
stretching out from that room
are tunnels that lead to
Tibet, that lead to Egypt, even
to the inner Earth.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The first information
about the structure of these
intercontinental tunnels
in the Budjak region,
along with many other
fascinating topics,
came to me in 2004.
Radu Cinamar or Cinamar, as his
name is sometimes pronounced,
has written eight
books that explore
the mysteries of the
Budjak area as a whole,
comparing the information in his
publications with what I know.
I would say the
accuracy or truthfulness
or potency of his information
is around 75% to 80%.
In Radu Cinamar's
books, it's often
mentioned that the creators of
the underground installation
and its tunnels are
more or less unknown.
But I can say quite
confidently that the creators
were the felines.
The Carpathian Sphinx
as an archetype
is essentially the
personification of the felines.
It is a memorial, a
tribute to these mentors,
these spiritual
cosmic mentors who
have had a very strong,
positive impact on our planet.
>> Southeast of Romania,
the mystery and prediluvian
influence of ancient Turkey
continues to baffle mainstream
and alternative researchers.
Recent discoveries from this
region have added further
evidence of humanity's
connection with felines roughly
12,000 years ago.
>> One of the most important
animal totems found at places
like Gobekli Tepe and Karahan
Tepe in Southeastern Turkey,
sites that date back as
much as 11,500 years,
is that you see the
feline everywhere.
And in particular,
we are looking
at a panther or a leopard.
>> All over the site
since it's been excavated,
which is only the
last few years,
many depictions of
leopards have been found.
Now, we're not just talking
about simple carvings
of leopards or
different felines.
We're actually talking about
3D statues of leopards.
And often, they're almost like
a shamanic with the leopard
coming up over the top of it.
So this is really,
really compelling
because it seems that
the leopard, which
we know was around at the time
of Karahan Tepe in that area,
became like a kind
of shamanic symbol,
almost like a deity
of these people.
>> The leopard would seem
to have been associated with
the transformation of a human
into an animal form for shamanic
purposes.
In other words, to enter into an
altered state of consciousness
and to be able to travel within
an otherworldly environment.
And therefore, the feline
became one of the most
primordial psychopomps.
In other words, the spirit that
would accompany the human soul
as it went from this
world into the next.
>> Ancient cultures were very
much obsessed with looking
at the landscape, looking at
nature and seeing how nature
works and then transposing
nature in a way that you can
communicate the concept
to ordinary people who
couldn't read or write.
So let's take the
Jaguars, for example.
You have this wonderful,
graceful creature
that is somehow godly.
And the Sem priests in
Egypt looked at this
and said, if we take
the actual jaguar skin
and then drape it
around this, it gives us
the symbol of office
that we are connected to,
first of all, to the feline
tradition of knowledge
from the gods and
also of royalty
that's connected to a kind
of regal concept of where
gods and humans interacted.
So it's a badge of office.
One corner of the
knowledge was all to do
with going back to the stars.
Whether you're alive
or dead doesn't matter.
They did both.
So if you're doing
initiation, the idea
was that the Sem priest would
be in charge of your soul
leaving the body in
a prescribed manner
where you'd have an induced
near-death experience
to go back to the stars.
And this is where
the jaguar comes in,
because the spots
on the jaguar skin
represent the stars
in the firmament.
So it's a very clever analogy.
>> When we look for
exemplars of this,
let's call it a advanced race of
priests and priestesses that are
traveling the stars, we have
to look no further than the sem
priests in ancient Egypt.
They're noted for wearing their
jaguar skin or leopard skin
cloaks.
They're the Masters of
herbs and herbology,
and especially are masters
of the art of resurrection.
They are the ones
that are always
present in the opening of
the mouth ceremony when
the pharaoh is preparing to open
the gateways into the stars.
They're considered to
be astronomer priests.
They're involved with the
temple building as well.
And all of these are
attributes, the temple building,
the knowledge of resurrection,
the understanding of herbs
and the ability to
promote human longevity.
These are all attributes
of this leonine race
that we find all over the world.
>> As with most
ancient mysteries,
the trail leads back to Egypt,
where the most concentrated
and prominent collection of
feminine feline deities watch
over this sacred land.
>> When we look to the feline
presence in ancient Egypt,
we see fantastic, powerful
goddesses for example,
like Sekhmet and
statues abound by her.
For example,
Amenhotep the third,
there was over 700
statues of her.
She had a huge presence.
>> In the Egyptian traditions,
there are several feline
deities.
The most popular and most
commonly known and oldest
were Sekhmet and Bastet or Bast.
And of course, we also have
various other goddesses
that appear as lions.
You have Wadjet, Tefnut.
So there are many goddesses that
would appear as a lion, always
in the lioness form or the cat.
The feline deities were
associated with Ra, the sun god,
partly because of the lion
being associated with warmth,
with the color yellow,
very solar kind of energy.
And so these goddesses,
often in their lion form,
were called the daughter
of Ra, sometimes
called the Eye of Ra,
sometimes the Consort of Ra.
So like Sekhmet or
Bast would accompany
Ra in the journey across the sky
and also through the underworld.
As the boat that would carry
Ra, the sun across the sky,
the lioness would be
there protecting him
from any of his enemies.
And then through the
underworld and the journey
through the night,
she was the defender.
She would turn more into the
ferocious lion to defend him.
And it was her job to help
make sure that the sun would
rise again the next day.
>> With the presence of the
feline embedded within several
ancient cultures
around the planet,
the masons of these megalithic
statues and monuments had
a superior understanding
of the powers of stone.
But did the sculptors of
these mighty protectors
program them to protect
these sacred sites on more
advanced, energetic levels?
>> In ancient Egypt, the statues
that were created by the stone
masons to be depictions of the
gods and goddesses were not just
about the likeness of
the god or goddess.
They were meant to be
almost like embodiments
of the god or goddess.
They were.
They were a house, a way
for that god or goddess
to anchor into the physical.
>> What I think went into those
statues was stone programming.
And stone programming
was discovered way back
with master dousers when
it comes to statues.
For instance, it was the
master douser Tom Lethbridge
that said you could put a
polarity into a piece of stone,
be that a statue or
a standing stone.
And that means if I'm
chiseling at a stone
or I literally hold
a stone for a while,
it will register with a
pendulum a female polarity
by going counterclockwise.
And a male working stone
would be the opposite.
It would be a clockwise
pendulum motion.
So we can see which
cultures, which gender rather
made the statues.
And with the
statues of lionesses
throughout ancient Egypt,
they were made by women.
Because when I've doused
them at the British Museum
and in Egypt itself, they always
register a female polarity.
So we are believed that it was
males that were the masons,
but I think it was
the females as well.
So it makes me think, you
see, that these statues
to the ancient Egyptians
weren't statues.
They housed the soul.
They were the lion goddess.
They were Ramesses,
because Ramesses also
did a lot of his statues.
And so I think with the stone
program and the chiseling,
you've got living statues.
>> When you're in the temples of
Egypt or in present day museums
and you see examples of the
leonine goddesses, Sekhmet,
Bastet, and others,
they are so lifelike.
And you are just compelled to
believe that the artists who
sculpted those must
have seen that being,
whether physically and
present in front of them
or somehow in consciousness
because they are so lifelike.
We know that they're
all infused as well.
They're primarily
made of granite.
They're considered
to be living statues.
There's one in the
Ptah chapel at Karnak.
They keep her locked up because
the local legend says otherwise,
she'd walk around the
Karnak temple complex.
And people have had
amazing experiences
standing in front
of this statue.
And so it makes you wonder,
were these beings actually
physically present walking
around in flesh and blood?
Or was it just that they were
able to infuse these statues
with their living presence?
And those statues
effectively are those beings.
>> Without saying a word, when
I take a group into a temple,
of Sekhmet for example, I will
look around the room and almost
immediately, I'll see some
people just break down in tears
because the image and the
archetype and the power
and the wisdom that is
held in that image triggers
an awareness, a memory,
an awakening within us,
within our energy bodies.
And when we have those
experiences, that
then is our opportunity
to go within ourselves,
to go within our hearts
and ask the question, what
does this image mean to me?
What is the significance of
this image in my life path?
What am I feeling
in this moment?
And in this way, Sekhmet becomes
the catalyst, the trigger,
even in modern times that
awakens within us a deeper
truth of our own existence.
>> There is little doubt that
these supremely sophisticated
works of art were
sculpted with purpose.
But the question remains,
who did they represent?
>> All around the world,
there are myths and legends
of a feline race, of a race
of beings that are half human,
half feline.
They play a role
in our evolution.
They play a role as
guardians of sacred sites.
They're purveyors of
healing knowledge.
They are always presented
as benefactors of humanity.
But who are these beings?
And where do they come from?
Is it possible that there is
actually a race of feline type
beings, of humanoid felines
that once walked the planet that
maybe still walk the planet?
Or were these beings
that were just existing
in human imagination?
Were they accessed
through meditation?
Were they accessed through
psychoactive substances?
How is it possible, though,
that all over the world
we have these stories of
these beings going back
to the very beginning
of the human story?
>> Looking to the work of Anton
Parks, he talks about the Urmah,
which are these massive feline
beings that come to Earth from
another world.
They're protectors,
they're defenders.
They help protect the
ancient civilizations
and the people of Earth.
But who are they
protecting us from?
We get some further insight
from the work of Swaruu
who also talk about the
Urmah as these 8 foot
to 9 foot tall
feline beings that
resemble tigers or lions
that walk on two feet
and weigh over 600 pounds.
Swaruu tells us that they
are protectors, defenders,
that they can be aggressive,
that they can be militant.
Swaruu tells us that they
are in direct opposition
to Draco, to the
Orion Council, who
are in pursuit of their
service to self agenda
to control and manipulate
humanity for their own means.
But the Urmahs are the
protectors and defenders.
They are working service to
others through their actions,
protecting humanity and
all other humanoid beings
across the galaxy.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The archaic galactic
intelligence known
as the felines played a
significant role in seeding
humanoid genetics
throughout the galaxy.
And it was the felines
who chose this planet
for its rich biodiversity
in the ecosystem,
establishing it as one of
the many genetic libraries
in our galaxy.
The primary mission
of the feline beings
is to work systematically
and continuously
with human society
in a nonviolent way,
to work through
inspiration, imagination,
and the collective
sharing of knowledge
and the dissemination
of that knowledge
so that the basic vibrational
resonant potential of humanity
would rise to a higher octave.
The feline entities have created
several educational community
hotspots here in ancient times.
One of these hotspots was in
the area of ancient Egypt,
but the original
area was much larger.
If we take the Carpathian
Sphinx specifically as a center,
there's a powerful energy
field extending 1 to 1.2 miles
in all directions with strong
nurturing and healing effects.
The felines were teachers
of unity at all levels,
and their philosophy
emphasized, among other things,
that the evolutionary and
developmental goal of humanity
and civilization is to unify
the energetic and qualitative
aspects of the heart chakra with
the sixth and seventh chakras.
And achieving this will
initiate a state of inner unity.
And only when one attains
this so-called inner unity can
they bring about a state
of outer unity, which
is the ability to harmonize
the reality around them.
>> There is no question that
felines were one of the most
important totemic and animistic
forms that helped humanity
evolve into what we are today.
It allowed us technology,
innovation, and cosmology,
in other words, an
understanding of who we were
and where we came from.
And this is the reason why
we see those lions everywhere
in front of the entrances
into temples and palaces
and castles all the
way around the world.
>> As the best science of the
modern world gives us deeper
insights into our past, what
we find is that the role
of the feline energy, feline
presence is consistent.
It's always been with us.
It's with us today.
I think we owe it to
ourselves to understand
what is Sekhmet saying to us?
What is the power of
the feline say about us
and our relationship
to the world?
What did our ancestors
know in their time
that we're only beginning
to understand in ours?
>> As the power and influence of
these mighty felines continues
to ripple through
our modern cities,
what other evidence will be
discovered to help us decipher
the codes and clues preserved in
stone by our ancient ancestors?